 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-birthsex.html">US Core Birth Sex Extension</a> A code classifying the person's sex assigned at birth  as specified by the [Office of the National Coordinator for Health IT (ONC)](https://www.healthit.gov/newsroom/about-onc). This extension aligns with the C-CDA Birth Sex Observation (LOINC 76689-9).</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-direct.html">US Core Direct email Extension</a> This email address is associated with a [direct](http://wiki.directproject.org/Addressing+Specification) service.  This extension can only be used on contact points where the system = 'email'</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-ethnicity.html">US Core Ethnicity Extension</a> Concepts classifying the person into a named category of humans sharing common history, traits, geographical origin or nationality.  The ethnicity codes used to represent these concepts are based upon the [CDC ethnicity and Ethnicity Code Set Version 1.0](http://www.cdc.gov/phin/resources/vocabulary/index.html) which includes over 900 concepts for representing race and ethnicity of which 43 reference ethnicity.  The ethnicity concepts are grouped by and pre-mapped to the 2 OMB ethnicity categories: - Hispanic or Latino - Not Hispanic or Latino.</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-race.html">US Core Race Extension</a> Concepts classifying the person into a named category of humans sharing common history, traits, geographical origin or nationality.  The race codes used to represent these concepts are based upon the [CDC Race and Ethnicity Code Set Version 1.0](http://www.cdc.gov/phin/resources/vocabulary/index.html) which includes over 900 concepts for representing race and ethnicity of which 921 reference race.  The race concepts are grouped by and pre-mapped to the 5 OMB race categories: - American Indian or Alaska Native - Asian - Black or African American - Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander - White.</li>
