 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-us-core-medication-codes.json.html">US Core Medication Codes (RxNorm)</a> </td><td><p>All prescribable medication formulations represented using  either a 'generic' or 'brand-specific' concept. This includes RxNorm codes whose Term Type is SCD (semantic clinical drug), SBD (semantic brand drug), GPCK (generic pack), BPCK (brand pack), SCDG (semantic clinical drug group), SBDG (semantic brand drug group), SCDF (semantic clinical drug form), or SBDF (semantic brand drug form)</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-us-core-observation-smokingstatus.json.html">US Core Smoking Status</a> </td><td><p>This value set indicates the current smoking status of a patient.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-omb-race-category.json.html">OMB Race Categories</a> </td><td><p>The codes for the concepts 'Unknown' and  'Asked but no answer' and the the codes for the five race categories - 'American Indian' or 'Alaska Native', 'Asian', 'Black or African American', 'Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander', and 'White' - as defined by the <a href="https://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/fedreg_1997standards">OMB Standards for Maintaining, Collecting, and Presenting Federal Data on Race and Ethnicity, Statistical Policy Directive No. 15, as revised, October 30, 1997</a> .</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-us-core-allergy-substance.json.html">US Core Common substances for allergy and intolerance documentation including refutations</a> </td><td><p>Documentation of substances suspected of (or not suspected of) causing an allergy or intolerance reaction in an individual. <strong>Inclusion Criteria:</strong> specific or general substances to which a patient may be exposed and which may be suspected of causing an adverse reaction; assertions refuting these suspicions. This includes:  1. Common dietary substances for allergy and intolerance documentation (SNOMEDCT) 2. Common drug classes for allergy and intolerance documentation (SNOMEDCT) 3. Common drug substances for allergy and intolerance documentation (SNOMEDCT) 4. Common environmental substances for allergy and intolerance documentation (RXNORM) 5. Common refutations and null values for substance causes for allergy and intolerance documentation (SNOMEDCT)  <strong>Exclusion Criteria:</strong> actual conditions caused by exposure (reactions, allergies)</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-us-core-narrative-status.json.html">US Core Narrative Status</a> </td><td><p>The US Core Narrative Status Value Set limits the text status for the resource narrative.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-us-core-documentreference-type.json.html">US Core DocumentReference Type</a> </td><td><p>The US Core DocumentReference Type Value Set includes all LOINC  values whose SCALE is DOC in the LOINC database and the HL7 v3 Code System NullFlavor concept 'unknown'</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-omb-ethnicity-category.json.html">OMB Ethnicity Categories</a> </td><td><p>The codes for the ethnicity categories - 'Hispanic or Latino' and 'Non Hispanic or Latino' - as defined by the <a href="https://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/fedreg_1997standards">OMB Standards for Maintaining, Collecting, and Presenting Federal Data on Race and Ethnicity, Statistical Policy Directive No. 15, as revised, October 30, 1997</a>.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-us-core-condition-category.json.html">US Core Condition Category Codes</a> </td><td><p>The US core Condition Category Codes support the separate concepts of problems and health concerns in Condition.category in order for API consumers to be able to separate health concerns and problems. However this is not mandatory for 2015 certification</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-detailed-ethnicity.json.html">Detailed ethnicity</a> </td><td><p>The 41 <a href="http://www.cdc.gov/phin/resources/vocabulary/index.html">CDC ethnicity codes</a> that are grouped under one of the 2 OMB ethnicity category codes.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-us-core-ndc-vaccine-codes.json.html">US Core Vaccine National Drug Codes (NDC)</a> </td><td><p>This value set includes all the Vaccine National Drug Codes (NDC).  This source of this data is provided by the <a href="https://www2a.cdc.gov/vaccines/iis/iisstandards/ndc_crosswalk.asp">CDC</a></p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-us-core-procedure-icd10pcs.json.html">US Core ICD-10-PCS Procedure Codes</a> </td><td><p>This value set defines a set of codes from ICD10-PCS that can be used to indicate a type of procedure performed</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-us-core-provider-specialty.json.html">US Core Provider Speciality (NUCC)</a> </td><td><p>Provider speciality roles codes which are composed of the NUCC Health Care Provider Taxonomy Code Set for providers</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-us-core-vaccines-cvx.json.html">US Core Vaccine Administered Value Set (CVX)</a> </td><td><p>This identifies the vaccine substance administered - CVX codes. <strong>Inclusion Criteria:</strong>  Any CVX code with CVX  'status' (VSAC Property) = <code>Active</code>,<code>Inactive</code>, <code>Non-US</code> except  those noted in exclusions.  <strong>Exclusion Criteria:</strong>  CVX codes that have a CVX  'status' of either <code>Pending</code> or <code>Never Active</code> AND CVX  codes with CVX 'Nonvaccine' property = True.  Available at http://www2a.cdc.gov/vaccines/iis/iisstandards/vaccines.asp?rpt=cvx</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-us-core-observation-smoking-status-status.json.html">US Core Status for Smoking Status Observation</a> </td><td><p>Codes providing the status of an observation for smoking status. Constrained to <code>final</code>and <code>entered-in-error</code>.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-us-core-usps-state.json.html">USPS Two Letter Alphabetic Codes</a> </td><td><p>This value set defines two letter USPS alphabetic codes.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-us-core-encounter-type.json.html">US Core Encounter Type</a> </td><td><p>The type of encounter: a specific code indicating type of service provided, from CPT</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-us-core-problem.json.html">US Core Problem</a> </td><td><p>This describes the problem. Diagnosis/Problem List is broadly defined as a series of brief statements that catalog a patient's medical, nursing, dental, social, preventative and psychiatric events and issues that are relevant to that patient's healthcare (e.g., signs, symptoms, and defined conditions)</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-birthsex.json.html">Birth Sex</a> </td><td><p>Codes for assigning sex at birth as specified by the <a href="https://www.healthit.gov/newsroom/about-onc">Office of the National Coordinator for Health IT (ONC)</a></p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-us-core-diagnosticreport-report-and-note-codes.json.html">US Core Diagnosticreport Report And Note Codes</a> </td><td><p>This value set currently contains all of LOINC. The codes selected should represent discrete and narrative diagnostic observations and reports</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-us-core-provider-role.json.html">US Core Provider Role (NUCC)</a> </td><td><p>Provider roles codes which are composed of the NUCC Health Care Provider Taxonomy Code Set classification codes for providers. Only concepts with a classification and no specialization are included.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-us-core-smoking-status-observation-codes.json.html">US Core Smoking Status Observation Codes</a> </td><td><p>The US Core Smoking Status Observation Codes Value Set is a 'starter set' of concepts to capture smoking status.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-us-core-careteam-provider-roles.json.html">US Core CareTeam Provider Roles</a> </td><td><p>Provider roles codes consist of NUCC Health Care Provider Taxonomy Code Set for providers and SNOMED-CT for - non clinical and organization roles including codes from the SCTID 125676002 Person (person) heirarchy and the SCTID 394730007 Healthcare related organization (qualifier value) heirarchy.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-us-core-diagnosticreport-category.json.html">US Core DiagnosticReport Category</a> </td><td><p>The US Core Diagnostic Report Category Value Set is a 'starter set' of categories supported for fetching and Diagnostic Reports and notes.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-us-core-clinical-note-type.json.html">US Core Clinical Note Type</a> </td><td><p>The US Core Clinical Note Type Value Set is a 'starter set' of types supported for fetching and storing clinical notes.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-us-core-documentreference-category.json.html">US Core DocumentReference Category</a> </td><td><p>The US Core DocumentReferences Category Value Set is a 'starter set' of categories supported for fetching and storing clinical notes.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-us-core-procedure-code.json.html">US Core Procedure Codes</a> </td><td><p>This example value set defines a set of codes that can be used to indicate the type of procedure: a specific code indicating type of procedure performed, from CPT or SNOMED CT.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-simple-language.json.html">Language codes with language and optionally a region modifier</a> </td><td><p>This value set includes codes from <a href="http://tools.ietf.org/html/bcp47">BCP-47</a>. This value set matches the ONC 2015 Edition LanguageCommunication data element value set within C-CDA to use a 2 character language code if one exists,   and a 3 character code if a 2 character code does not exist. It points back to <a href="https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5646">RFC 5646</a>, however only the language codes are required, all other elements are optional.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-us-core-observation-value-codes.json.html">US Core Observation Value Codes (SNOMED-CT)</a> </td><td><p><a href="http://www.ihtsdo.org/">Snomed-CT</a> concept codes for coded results</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-us-core-diagnosticreport-lab-codes.json.html">US Core Diagnostic Report Laboratory Codes</a> </td><td><p>The Document Type value set includes all LOINC  values whose CLASSTYPE is LABORATORY in the LOINC database</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-detailed-race.json.html">Detailed Race</a> </td><td><p>The 900+ <a href="http://www.cdc.gov/phin/resources/vocabulary/index.html">CDC Race codes</a> that are grouped under one of the 5 OMB race category codes.</p>
</td></tr>
