 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-medicationrequest.html">US Core MedicationRequest Profile</a> </td><td><p>Defines constraints and extensions on the MedicationRequest resource for the minimal set of data to query and retrieve prescription information.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-goal.html">US Core Goal Profile</a> </td><td><p>Defines constraints and extensions on the Goal resource for the minimal set of data to query and retrieve a patient's goal(s).</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pediatric-weight-for-height.html">US Core Pediatric Weight for Height Observation Profile</a> </td><td><p>Defines constraints and extensions on the Observation resource for use in querying and retrieving pediatric Weight-for-length per age and gender observations.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-condition.html">US Core Condition Profile</a> </td><td><p>Defines constraints and extensions on the Condition resource for the minimal set of data to query and retrieve problems and health concerns information.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-organization.html">US Core Organization Profile</a> </td><td><p>Defines basic constraints and extensions on the Organization resource for use with other US Core resources</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-smokingstatus.html">US Core Smoking Status Observation Profile</a> </td><td><p>Defines constraints and extensions on the Observation  resource for the minimal set of data to query and retrieve patient's Smoking Status information.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-careplan.html">US Core CarePlan Profile</a> </td><td><p>Defines constraints and extensions on the CarePlan resource for the minimal set of data to query and retrieve a patient's Care Plan.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-careteam.html">US Core CareTeam Profile</a> </td><td><p>Defines constraints and extensions on the CareTeam resource for the minimal set of data to query and retrieve a patient's Care Team.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-device.html">US Core Device Profile</a> </td><td><p>Defines constraints and extensions on the Device resource for the minimal set of data to query and retrieve a patient's Device(s).</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-documentreference.html">US Core DocumentReference Profile</a> </td><td><p>The document reference profile used in US Core.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-medication.html">US Core Medication Profile</a> </td><td><p>Defines constraints and extensions on the Medication resource for the minimal set of data to query and retrieve patient retrieving patient's medication information.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-procedure.html">US Core Procedure Profile</a> </td><td><p>Defines constraints and extensions on the Procedure resource for the minimal set of data to query and retrieve patient's procedure information.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-location.html">US Core Location Profile</a> </td><td><p>Defines basic constraints and extensions on the Location resource for use with other US Core resources</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-medicationstatement.html">US Core MedicationStatement Profile</a> </td><td><p>Defines constraints and extensions on the MedicationStatement resource for the minimal set of data to query and retrieve patient's medication information.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-patient.html">US Core Patient Profile</a> </td><td><p>Defines constraints and extensions on the patient resource for the minimal set of data to query and retrieve patient demographic information.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-encounter.html">US Core Encounter Profile</a> </td><td><p>The Encounter referenced in the US Core profiles.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-practitioner.html">US Core Practitioner Profile</a> </td><td><p>The practitioner(s) referenced in US Core profiles.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-allergyintolerance.html">US  Core AllergyIntolerance Profile</a> </td><td><p>Defines constraints and extensions on the AllergyIntolerance resource for the minimal set of data to query and retrieve allergy information.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-pediatric-bmi-for-age.html">US Core Pediatric BMI for Age Observation Profile</a> </td><td><p>Defines constraints and extensions on the Observation resource for use in querying and retrieving pediatric BMI observations.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-observation-lab.html">US Core Laboratory Result Observation Profile</a> </td><td><p>Defines constraints and extensions on the Observation resource for the minimal set of data to query and retrieve laboratory test results</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-practitionerrole.html">US Core PractitionerRole Profile</a> </td><td><p>The practitioner roles referenced in the US Core profiles.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-immunization.html">US Core Immunization Profile</a> </td><td><p>Defines constraints and extensions on the Immunization resource for the minimal set of data to query and retrieve  patient's immunization information.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-diagnosticreport-note.html">US Core DiagnosticReport Profile for Report and Note exchange</a> </td><td><p>Defines constraints and extensions on the DiagnosticReport resource  for the minimal set of data to query and retrieve diagnostic reports associated with clinical notes for a patient</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-birthsex.html">US Core Birth Sex Extension</a> </td><td><p>A code classifying the person's sex assigned at birth  as specified by the <a href="https://www.healthit.gov/newsroom/about-onc">Office of the National Coordinator for Health IT (ONC)</a>. This extension aligns with the C-CDA Birth Sex Observation (LOINC 76689-9).</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-direct.html">US Core Direct email Extension</a> </td><td><p>This email address is associated with a <a href="http://wiki.directproject.org/Addressing+Specification">direct</a> service.  This extension can only be used on contact points where the system = 'email'</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-ethnicity.html">US Core Ethnicity Extension</a> </td><td><p>Concepts classifying the person into a named category of humans sharing common history, traits, geographical origin or nationality.  The ethnicity codes used to represent these concepts are based upon the <a href="http://www.cdc.gov/phin/resources/vocabulary/index.html">CDC ethnicity and Ethnicity Code Set Version 1.0</a> which includes over 900 concepts for representing race and ethnicity of which 43 reference ethnicity.  The ethnicity concepts are grouped by and pre-mapped to the 2 OMB ethnicity categories: - Hispanic or Latino - Not Hispanic or Latino.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-race.html">US Core Race Extension</a> </td><td><p>Concepts classifying the person into a named category of humans sharing common history, traits, geographical origin or nationality.  The race codes used to represent these concepts are based upon the <a href="http://www.cdc.gov/phin/resources/vocabulary/index.html">CDC Race and Ethnicity Code Set Version 1.0</a> which includes over 900 concepts for representing race and ethnicity of which 921 reference race.  The race concepts are grouped by and pre-mapped to the 5 OMB race categories: - American Indian or Alaska Native - Asian - Black or African American - Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander - White.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-us-core-diagnosticreport-lab.html">US Core DiagnosticReport Profile for Laboratory Results Reporting</a> </td><td><p>Defines constraints and extensions on the DiagnosticReport resource  for the minimal set of data to query and retrieve diagnostic reports associated with laboratory results for a patient</p>
</td></tr>
